Editorial updates (#13)
w3c-fedid/Administration: proposals-CG-WG.md

The purpose of Stage 1 proposals is to explore the Solution Space and pick a preferred direction. This is where most of the work gets done because it involves exploring alternatives, understanding tradeoffs, gathering implementation experience, incubating alternatives, gathering evidence of demand and fitness for purpose, and finally, identifying the best out of the many alternatives.

  * What's needed from individuals?
    * [ ] Identification of [champions](https://github.com/tc39/how-we-work/blob/main/champion.md).
    * [ ] An understanding of the Problem Space.
    * [ ] Optionally, alternatives under consideration.
  * What's asked of the **Community Group**?

>     * [ ] The Community Group consensus that the problem is worth spending the Community Group’s time working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [ ] Community Group consensus that the problem is worth spending the Community Group’s time working on.
```

    * [ ] A home for incubating the proposal. Small features will incubate in issues. If and when the champions are ready to more thoroughly document their proposal, the WG chairs will create a repo for the champions to develop the feature (e.g., [example](https://github.com/fedidcg/LightweightFedCM)). 

# Stage 2: Formalization

> The goal of Stage 2 is to refine the preferred solution into a detailed, cohesive proposal that addresses known issues and integrates feedback from stakeholders. The Proposal enters Stage 2 with a list of issues that block advancement to the next stage, and exits with all of the issues resolved.  This stage focuses on preparing the proposal for Working Group review and creating a complete, formal draft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of Stage 2 is to refine the preferred solution into a detailed, cohesive proposal that addresses known issues and integrates feedback from stakeholders. The proposal enters Stage 2 with a list of issues that block advancement to the next stage, and exits with all of the issues resolved. This stage focuses on preparing the proposal for Working Group review by creating a complete, formal draft.
```

  * What's needed from champions?
    * [ ] An [explainer](https://tag.w3.org/explainers/).
    * [ ] Documentation of alternatives and trade-offs considered.

>     * [ ] Optionally, a draft specification text (or detailed examples/code samples if needed for clarity).
>     * [ ] Early implementation experience, including prototypes or trials.
>     * [ ] Evidence of stakeholder (e.g. web developers) demand and use-case alignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [ ] Optionally, a draft specification text (or detailed examples and/or code samples, if needed for clarity).
    * [ ] Early implementation experience, including prototypes or trials.
    * [ ] Evidence of stakeholder (e.g., web developers) demand and use-case alignment.
```

  * What's asked of the **Working Group**?
    * [ ] Working Group consensus to adopt the proposal as the basis for their work.
    * [ ] A clear list of blocking issues to be addressed before advancing to Stage 3.
    * [ ] A completed Working Draft for further iteration.
    * [ ] Approval to dedicate the WG's time to Review spec PRs to merge the proposal into the [Working Draft](https://www.w3.org/policies/process/#RecsWD).

  
# Stage 3: Implementation

> > NOTE: We don't yet have enough experience as we get towards Stage 3 and 4, so they aren't fully baked yet. It is possible that these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: We don't yet have enough experience as we get towards Stages 3 and 4, so they aren't fully baked yet. It is possible that these
```

> > will change a lot as we learn, including potentially entirely replacing them with references to the W3C Process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> will change a lot as we learn, including potentially being entirely replaced by references to the W3C Process.
```
